🙏 Update community link for v1.29.1 (#5257)
recognai/rubrix: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Need some help?

> We understand that getting started might be scary and difficult, therefore, we provide a guided contributor mentorship program. Feel free to schedule a meeting [here](https://calendly.com/argilla-office-hours/30min) to get you started. Alternatively, you can start with [joining our Slack](http://hf.co/join/discord).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We understand that getting started might be a bit difficult, therefore, you can join our discord channel [#argilla-general](https://discord.gg/hugging-face-879548962464493619) by selecting *Argilla* in *Channels and Roles* after joining the Discord.
```
